Caching (#536)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/resilience/caching.mdx

Other tenants will not see the value cached for that specific tenant.

For this example assume that `config` is a `ResilienceConfiguration` that has a `CacheConfiguration` in place:

```java
cachedOperation = ResilienceDecorator.decorateSupplier(() -> operation(), config)

// cachedOperation() will be evaluated
TenantAccessor.executeWithTenant(tenantA, () -> cachedOperation());
// cached value will be taken
TenantAccessor.executeWithTenant(tenantA, () -> cachedOperation());

// cachedOperation() will be evaluated because the cached value is only accessible for tenantA
TenantAccessor.executeWithTenant(tenantB, () -> cachedOperation());
// cached value for tenantB will be taken
TenantAccessor.executeWithTenant(tenantB, () -> cachedOperation());
```

This isolation is configured via the isolation mode of the resilience configuration.
So you can disable tenant aware caching by setting the isolation mode to `NO_ISOLATION`.
See the section on isolation levels under [Resilience](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/java/features/resilience/resilience#multi-tenancy)

## Manipulating the State of Caches

> :::note

Reviewer: I would move this note down and rather start by saying "you may manually clear caches".

The note is quite specific and only nice-to-know. In general documentation should go from general -> specific. Because general information is relevant for all readers whereas specific things may only be relevant for some. So you usually want the general information first.

Author: I had moved the note upwards.

A specific cache instance is not yet created when configuration is created.
Instead it is only created when an operation is decorated or executed by the  `ResilienceDecorator`.
:::

To invalidate the cache you can use:
```java

> // invalidate

Reviewer: I would remove this line, it doesn't say more than the code itself

> ResilienceDecorator.invalidateCache(ResilienceConfiguration.of(resilienceId));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ResilienceDecorator.invalidateCache(resilienceConfig);
```

We have used this object above in the documentation so I think we can use it here as well. Otherwise the user might think he has to re-create the config to do cache invalidation.

```

> This currently invalidates all available configured caches irrespective of the tenant and principal context(If it is a multi-tenant application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This currently clears all cache entries associated with the configuration irrespective of the current tenant and principal.
```

To get hold of the created cache instance and to use it for advanced operations like for e.g registering [event listeners](https://www.baeldung.com/jcache#listeners) you can use JCache API:

```java
final Cache<SomeCacheKey, SomeResult> cache = Caching.getCachingProvider()
                                                     .getCacheManager()

>                                                      .getCache(resilienceId) //Returns the cache created using the resilienceId passed

Reviewer: The most important information for the reader here is that the `identifier` of the resilience configuration is used as cache identifier. I think we should make this explicit here.

Author: I pass `resilienceConfig.identifer()` inside `getCache()` method now and have added a note below as well.

image:
---

> Caching may improve your application`s performance and responsiveness to your consumers.

Reviewer: This is actually not a typo. The *'s* is short for *is* similar to how *I'm* is short for *I am*. So *application's* would be short for *application is*. So *applications* is correct.

Author: I didn't get it, do you mean to say _application's_ can also be written as _applications_ here?

Reviewer: Ah nevermind I missread it, sorry.

Author: No probs, I put the wrong character there too instead of an apostrophe.

> Caching may improve your application`s performance and responsiveness to your consumers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching may improve your application's performance and responsiveness to your consumers.
```

Only if the first call fails the second one would still happen.

Note that a specific cache instance is not yet created when configuration is created.
Instead it is only created when an operation is decorated or executed by the `ResilienceDecorator`.

:::tip
The cache functionality is tenant aware by default.

> That means that by default, cache entries created under a specific tenant will not be shared with other tenants.

Reviewer: The comma is not required and not common in english. If we want to improve readability we could write it in parentheses like this e.g. `That means that (by default), cache entries ...`

Author: Let's just remove the comma.
